this is our top-of-the-line we're super
proud of it because you know we wanted
to come out with something that was just
the best that we could come up with was
for serf and so first of all it's kind
of got like the cyclone roll-top added
on to the back here of a backpack and as
you can see it really opens up quite
volumous so you've got room for at least
two maybe even three wetsuits in this
thing and these are welded seams in here
it's completely waterproof material so
your wetsuits will definitely be in the
wet compartment and won't be seeping in
to any of your dry compartment if you're
not using it the wetsuit pocket for
wetsuits you can use these cinch down
straps on each side and cinch down so
you're not having that extra volume that
you don't need also I think an
alternative news for the cinch straps
could be put an umbrella in there that
type of thing maybe a you know snow
shovel if your dad a beach shovel I mean
another cool thing about the section has
got a nice bottom a cooler pocket that's
real deep you can fit a lot of stuff in
there for a day at the beach you also
have a waterproof zippered pocket here a
waterproof sunglass pocket right here
the fleece lined expandable water bottle
pocket on this side and then on this
side you have a tarp lined wax pocket
you got to use tarp on the wax pocket
because otherwise the goop gets all over
your fabric then on the inside here you
do have a little accessory pocket for
your electronics of course those are
fleece lined nesting areas you know on
any harsh fabric on your electronics and
you're good to go with the section Oh at
least we forget at the end of the day
you do want a cold one you have hot
water the can opener the bottle opener
there so grab your cold e and you're the
friend with
sternum strap and then this nice
breathable dry mesh on the back actually
keeps it from being real sweaty on your
back so that's the new section pack for
130 bucks